Description
===========

Went up to Kansas City and met with some people from [Databasically](http://databasically.com/). Had a great time, one of the things we did was an exercise where you spend 45 minutes on a program several times in a row (deleting your code after each), to see different approaches and ideas. I enjoyed this quite a bit, and got some ideas such as using watchr for auto testing, and a better feel for RSpec. 

Our program was Conway's Game of Life, and I enjoyed it enough that I decided to complete it over the weekend. There are a few things that could be done to make it better (ie graphics based input format), but it meets all my needs at present and I'm pretty happy with it. Especially I think I did fairly well on the RSpec part. Though there were some times where I wasn't really sure what to do next. I think using Cucumber would have taken care of those, maybe over the summer I'll reread that first portion of the RSpec book and try doing it again with Cucumber.

Anyway, [here's an example output](http://vimeo.com/21594436) so you can see basically how it works without having to actually install it. And [here's a narrative](http://vimeo.com/21594165) where I walk through it a little bit.


Usage
=====

At its simplest, `game_of_life` this will choose decent defaults for you, and run it against Gosper's Glider Gun.

You have a number of options available, as well, in particular seeding and changing the dimensions. To see the options use `game_of_life -h`.


Dependencies
============

[JRuby](http://www.jruby.org/)


---------------------------------------

**This code is unmaintained.** 

_If you do something interesting with it, let me know so I can be happy._

---------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2011 Joshua Cheek

 Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
 of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
 in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
 to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
 THE SOFTWARE.
